
**************************
Create a Lesson in Studio
**************************

Once you have created a course, you are ready to create content for that course.

.. warning::

	The alpha version of Studio does not have versioning or automatic
	updating of your browser between refreshes. Versioning is planned for future
	refresheseleases, but, in the meantime, only one author should edit a unit, in one
	browser, on only one tab.  If a unit is open for editing in multiple browser
	sessions, the session that saves last will overwrite any previously saved
	content without displaying a warning. Also, older browser sessions can overwrite
	more recent content, so refresh your browser before you start working every time
	you work with a private unit or edit a draft of a public unit.


Introduction
************

Just as in an offline course, content in an online course is broken down into
smaller pieces. In Studio, these pieces are categories called **sections,
subsections, and units** Units, in turn, are made up of **components** that
contain the actual content of your course.

Sections, for example, may correspond to weeks in your course, while subsections
often correspond to lessons, homework assignments, or exams. A lesson is an
interwoven selection of units of different types, such as videos, text, images,
discussions, and problems. It is an interactive representation of the material
that you would cover in a typical class period.

On the **Course Outline** page, you can see all the sections, subsections, and
units in your course at a glance, as well as whether the subsections are public
or private.


    .. image:: Images/image029.png
       :width: 800

    .. image:: Images/image031.png
       :width: 800

.. raw:: latex
  
	\newpage %

Section
*******

A section is the topmost category that you use to organize your course. Many
instructors name sections according to the number of weeks in the course—for
example, section 1 is named Week 1, section 2 is named Week 2, and so on.
Sections contain subsections, which in turn contain units.

You can set an individual release date for each section in your course. None of
the content in the section is visible until its release date has passed.

For more information about how to create a section, see
:doc:`create_section_sub_section`.

.. raw:: latex
  
	\newpage %

Subsection
**********

A subsection is a subcategory of a section. Many instructors name subsections
according to the topics in their courses. Subsection names appear along with
section names in the left pane when you view your course on Edge.

    .. image:: Images/image033.png

You can set subsections to be one of the assignment types that you created when
you set up grading. You can then include assignments in the body of that
subsection. 

You can set an individual release date for each subsection in your course. None
of the content in the subsection is visible until its release date has passed.
If you do not set a release date, the subsection has the same release date as
its section.

For more information about how to create a subsection, see
:doc:`create_section_sub_section`.

.. raw:: latex
  
	\newpage %

Unit
****

A unit is a further category that helps you organize your course materials.
Units contain components, which are the building blocks of lessons. Units do not
appear in the left pane with section and subsection headings. Instead, each unit
appears as a part of the course accordion at the top of the page when you view
your course on Edge. The following page shows a subsection that has two Units.

    .. image:: Images/image035.png

Note that by default, all units are set to **Private.** To make a unit visible
to students, you have to explicitly change the unit’s visibility to **Public.**
For more information see :doc:`set_content_releasedates` .

.. raw:: latex
  
	\newpage %


Component 
*********

A component is the part of a unit that contains your actual course content. The
names of all components in a unit appear when you hover over the unit in the
course accordion at the top of the page.

.. image:: Images/image037.png    
 :width: 800

There are four types of components: Discussion components, HTML components,
Problem components, and Video components. For more information, 
see :doc:`create_discussion`, :doc:`create_html_component`, :doc:`create_problem`, and :doc:`create_video` . 




